Proofread docs, remove links from index.rst (#18)
tarantool/tarantool-internals: source/qsync.rst

are complete and receive ACKs from a quorum.

> Note though if the transaction is asynchronous but the limbo queue is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if the transaction is asynchronous but the limbo queue is
```

> not empty means that there are some previous uncommitted synchronous

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not empty, it means that there are some previous uncommitted synchronous
```

            ...
        }

The write is synchronous here, so we are waiting for it to be complete (in
case of an error we simply drop this entry from the limbo).

An interesting moment is that when WAL thread finishes writing it notifies

> WAL watcher (ie relay thread) that new data has been appended to the journal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WAL watcher (that is, the relay thread) that new data has been appended to the journal.
```

        }

The ``journal_write_try_async`` writes data to the storage device in

> asynchronous way, ie the code does not wait for it to be complete before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
asynchronous way, which means that the code does not wait for it to be complete before
```

> asynchronous way, ie the code does not wait for it to be complete before
> processing new requests from applier. But for our scenario we assume that this
> write happens so fast that it completes before the master node is waking up from
> its own write operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
asynchronous way,
which means that the code does not wait for it to be complete before
processing new requests from applier.
But for our scenario we assume that this write happens so fast that it
completes before the master node wakes up from its own write operation.
```

So the ``txn_limbo_assign_lsn`` above assigns ``lsn`` from the master node
to the limbo entry and then WAL write finishes and calls
``applier_txn_wal_write_cb`` callback, which in turn causes

> ``applier_on_wal_write`` to run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``applier_on_wal_write`` to run:
```

        ...
    }

> And here is a very interesting moment, the ``txn_limbo_ack`` purpose is to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a very interesting moment: the purpose of ``txn_limbo_ack``  is to
```

        return 0;
    }

First, we check for the previous scenario where the relay has already replied
that the replica received and confirmed the data. But we're interested
in the next case where the replica didn't process the new data yet.

So we start waiting for a configurable timeout. This puts us to a wait

> cycle where other fibers and threads continue working. In particular while
> we're in ``fiber_cond_wait_timeout`` the replica obtains new data, write
> it to own WAL and then our master's relay acquire ratification then runs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cycle where other fibers and threads continue working.
In particular, while we're in ``fiber_cond_wait_timeout``,
the replica obtains new data, writes it to its own WAL,
then our master's relay acquires ratification, and then runs
```
